--------Fleet Admiral 2015 quotes:---------------------------------------------- 
"A pointer is nothing more than a variable that holds a memory address."
        
"Ever learn the I before E except after C rule?
                That's the dumbest rule I've ever learned.
                It works, except for every word I want to write."

"Embrace the suck."

"If you are writing code that never seg faults, you aren't writing C code."

"We let the machine figure out where the Hell you are."

"Of course I'm right."

"It's really the java programmers. They leak memory like a sieve."

"Leave the managment to the machine."

"I would say 99.999999999 percent of the time, when you see char title[255] it is a string."

"You have code that doesn't meet your expectations. Just like 113 students. Right?"

"Crappy code. Great documentation. It's used. Great code. No documentation. It's not used."

"Kiss = keep it simple stupid."

"Rtfm = Read the fine manual."

"We all work with hang overs."

"When you think you are 90% done, you have 90% of the work left."

"You better buy 11 fence posts. There is nothing worse than letting your cows out."

"Code drunk. Debug sober."

"You have to be congnizant about what you are doing."

"Leave the ellipses to the english majors."

"Don't just open up a file and dump 2 gigabytes into it. You won't really play nice with other programs."

"You aren't programming a toaster... but if you are, then you can use this."

"Can you live with losing 600 bytes of Memory? (3 seconds of silence) Yes."

"There is always a trade off between space and time. Time being speed and space being efficiency."

"Typically you wouldn't want dangling pointers."

"It's an Itunes killer app. It runs on the command line so it will kill itunes."

"I can get away with code that you can't. So..."

"Maybe I want to add another record. Certainly nothing past 1978 for Bruce. He stopped after 1978. Forget The River."

"Hey, we have no money. Okay, lets just stay home."

"Biden came to Albuquerque. They closed the interstate. They don't close the interstate for me. That's priority insertion."

"This is the gateway drug to computer science. Linked lists."

"If you fail here, you are retaking the course. This is the whole point of teaching you C. "

"Linked lists is the gateway. The gateway to the rest of the C.S. department."

"If this fails, I bail."

"You haven't been doing code. You have been PHD coders. Bunch of wonkers."

"Record profits for Apple last quarter. Billions of dollars in cash that they hide overseas."

"Java programmers don't give a sh*t about file systems do they? 'awww, We need files systems. Who cares right? we don't need them.'"

"Oh god? Did I hear someone say 'oh god' when I said you might need to draw a picture?"

"*someone says Oh God again* You called?"

"It's like the big bang. What came before it? Interesting questions, but we will leave that for another day."

"Here is the big bang of the linked lists problem. What came before my head pointer? Nothing.."

"Who waits more than 5 seconds for a page to load? *3 kids raise their hands* Wow. You are patient."

"Your code works 99% of the time. It's that damn 1% that takes up 99% of your time."

"It forces you to read? I wish I could force you guys to read. STACK OVERFLOOOOWWW! *fist pump*."

"Except for that whiney person at the end. *talking about tail of the linked lists*  It works pretty well. There is always that one in the crowd."

"You can't disagree with me. Stop right there. Just saying you agree with me is enough. I am open to complaints though so go on."

"Me and physics are like oil and water."

"And god forbid you guys work on .XML. Its no fun."

"I'm writing a Matlab killer. Oh wait. That's just called Python..."

"One list to rule them all. Doubly linked circular lists."

"We let the OS handle the details. Which is nice. There are a lot of details."

"You know where Mossad is? No? My middle easterners let me down once again."

"Intel's code was leaking memory. Which you pay a lot of money for. Well, somebody pays a lot of money for it. They must of hired some UNM programmers."

"Then you color the other ones black. So it looks like you are in the void. But thats just psychology. It has nothing to do with whats going on here."

"Things start at zero. I wish mathmaticians would learn this."

"I hate writing HTML with a passion, to be honest with you."

"Huh.. Someone left me a penny... A penny earned and penny saved."

"Anoynomous... Bless their souls... Attacking Isis."

"Do you want the real answer or the politically correct answer?"

"I talked to a guy from Intel from Oregon. He said when they hire people from New Mexico, they look at Tech first. And only Tech."

"What do I consider important? Pointers, pointers and more pointers. And strings, which are a type of pointer..."

"I wasted your first hour anyway, but I'm the teacher so I can do that. I would much rather talk about that stuff anyway."

“CS majors are a little .... funky.”

“It’s all about skill, they don’t care about your degree.”

“CS and IT destroy towns.”

“How do computer scientists solve problems? You use indirection.”

“I’d prefer you to change to an English Major.”

“When you get those jobs, you’re gonna be thanking me.”

“I’ll make it even harder. *Cs 133*”

“I love you Scott *says student*" "Really you love me?? Good”

“Welcome to coding... *evil smile*”

“That’s your code not mine.” *not his problem*


--------Fleet Admiral 2016 quotes------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

“(first day)This is 122, what the hell why is there so many people here?”
"Who took 113 in here? Wow. I Passed all of you? I need to talk to my graders."

"I don't mind Arch. But if you want a Job *shrug*... Nobody uses arch in the Professional world."

"Do I want to draw this discreetly? Hell No. I don't want to draw a bunch of points. I'll just draw the line."

"I just want to give you some intuition right now. Don't get confused when I say they are linear. They don't have slopes.(talking about Big O)"

"I can't give you everything today or you won't comeback tomorrow. Right? We will get there."

"Ah. God. These computers. Pff, Its just adding two numbers. Whats taking so long?(while waiting for program to run)"

"Premature optimization is the root of all evil.(quoting Knuth)"

"When in doubt, brute force works."

"If you used memory address 100 and I used memory address 100 who would win? Obviously me."

"Profiled it and I don't even have a main in here. It happened so fast."

"Nothing worse than having to flip your paper while grading. F!(pretending to grade a quiz) You thought we were fair. It's really about our mood."

"Do yourself a favor and when you write macros, use parenthesis. Other wise you get some weirdness with the substitution."

"Just take this on blind faith. It's Newtons method."

"One Function to rule them all(Talking about what we will learn)."

"How do we know this works for the largest prime number found? 22 million digits, which I won't write out on the board."

"But, You know, Code gets abused."

"I am going to give you the principle of Math induction without proof. If you are a math wonker, you will prove this later in life."

"You know you ain't doing your proof right if you ain't using your Assumption. and Ain't is a great word."

"You know why ain't, ain't a word? Because the oligarchy told you it wasn't."

"I ain't a one-percenter and you ain't either."

"This is an important formula... and the math is simple enough I can do it."

"So when you look at a sunflower, how many flowers do you see? One?! It's a composite so it is hundreds of flowers."

"Is that true? Yeah? You don't sound very confident. Yeeeeaaaahh...?"

"I can't spell for the life of me. There is probably another e in there but I don't give a (insert word here)."

"You know, there are a lot of grammer nazis in the world. It's just english, come on."

"That's ironic coming from an english major right? Being an english major cured me from ever caring about english."

"If you do a linear search then you are on your own. I'll see you next year."

"I'm doing math here. I'm drawing pictures."

"We make this polite fiction. It's a model. It's a linear model. It behaves linearly."

"Jimmy the Drug cartel."

"This is just a number, Like x. There is some symbol wonking going on here..."

"Humans invented machines and machines better never forget that. Like Skynet."

"i * j and then the sum right? Eh, too much math for me."

"How long does that run? 11.6 days? You would feel that."

"Okay I wil let k + 1 = i. Great math word. 'Let'."

“I don’t know why I give you baseball analogies, I don’t even like baseball. 
        I stopped liking baseball after the world series in 1962, they canceled the world series and I decided I’m not gonna like baseball anymore.”

“Let’s be mathematicians for a second, they have all kinds of tricks”

“You’re gonna get c1 times this, c2 times that, c3 times this and c4 times, and then you’re gonna combine like terms, and I’m gonna let you do that.”

“Let’s be mathematicians for a second, they have all kinds of tricks.”

“What the hell is this over here for? (as he moves desk back to middle of classroom)”

“That’s the only thing I remember from Chem 1. Dimensional analysis and avacado’s number”

“How many times does banweb update??(student answers never) haha”

“That’s all well and good, but (insert word of choice here) there’s gotta be a formula for this.”

“I’d be happy, I’d be really happy; I’d be ECSTATIC if you write this”

“How many different ways can you rearrange 6 diplomats, it’s just the order the diplomats is just to make it interesting for you.”

“Fortunately math people have worked on this problem.”

“We only counted up to 10 in my grade school.”

"We get self-driving cars, that software better be pretty damn good. It better not fail."

"Speaking of that. I have to give you an exam. Which means I have to grade an exam."

"I'll be sure to give you bucket-loads of homework over spring break. Since I have to grade over spring break, I'll be sure to make your life hell....That was a joke. Catch the sarcasm?"

"You guys are humorless."

"Whenever you see a polynomial in math, just ignore all the other stuff. It just adds a little noise to your line."

"Math folks don't like our notation."

"Math wonkers like to use element. We just use this."

"Why do we confine ourselves to positive values? Computer science, its what we do."

"Students like to be clever. I.E. Shoot themselves in the foot."

"Don't be clever. I can't tell you how many times I have marked people off for this. This is trivial, guys."

“When is spring break *somebody answers march 12 immediately* I like it, you're thinking like me. Always looking for the next big break.”

“First semester freshman I can forgive, second semester freshman... *evil smile* Hehehe, no.”

“Say you used address 0x100 and you used the same who would win, obviously me”

“Let’s see who wrote three lines...*looks through quizs* Jesus Christ!”

“If you want to find the max of two numbers, you gotta write 6 'blank  functions', I don’t wanna write that. Do you wanna write 6 functions?*class ansers no* Give me java, c++, or we could use macros.”

“You're gonna write all the functions to feel the pain of why this is important.”

“...and this for all you math wonkers. *adds ϵ ALL real to equation*”

“My grandmother, till her dying day, remembered she had to go up to board to write things down a hundred times in berlin, in 1st grade.”

“Talking is silver, action is golden.”

“So, damn right you need to use your assumption, if you don’t, it ain’t induction.”

“You know why ain’t, ain’t a word? By the snobs, it’s not the King’s English.”

“It’s because the oligarchy told you it ain’t a word, I don’t f****n, sorry, I don’t care about it, I am not part of the 1% but I’m gonna say it.”

“You open it, you close it.”

“You should question mathematics.”

“I always misspell recipe, I’m probably missing an ‘e’ or something, but I don’t give a ****.”

“If you can write html, you can write LaTex.”

“It’s for you to warm up, not me.”

“Am I gonna pick on someone? Ya, I’m gonna pick on someone.”

“One descending voice, a voice in the wilderness.”

“I don’t do too much thinking in here.”

“Let’s do this again, since you guys failed miserably on that one.”

"I'm just doing back of the envelope stuff."

"We haven't talked about, what I like to call, just to mess with 113 students, 'if loops'. We have not talked about conditionals."

"Oh come on. It doesn't like me for some reason."
